README.md, before:

# Recogito 2 Gazetteer Package: GeoNames

A gazetteer package for Recogito 2, using a subset of data from GeoNames. The package is based
on the material available through the [GeoNames Download Server](http://www.geonames.org/export/)
and uses the following source files:

* `countryInfo.txt` - countries
* `admin1CodesASCII.txt` - level 1 admin divisions
* `cities1000.txt` - cities with a population > 1000
* `alternateNames.txt` - alternate names with language codes _(note: this file is not included
  in this repository due to filesize restrictions; the script will download it from GeoNames
  automatically)_
* `shapes_simplified_low.txt` - simplified country boundaries

### Releases

| Version | Date       | # of Records | Notes                                       | |
|---------|------------|--------------|---------------------------------------------|-|
|[0.1](https://github.com/pelagios/recogito2-places-geonames/releases/tag/0.1)| 2017-04-04 | 152,242      | Initial release, without Admin 1 boundaries |[geonames-20170404.jsonl.gz](https://github.com/pelagios/recogito2-places-geonames/releases/download/0.1/geonames-20170404.jsonl.gz)|

### Attribution & License

GeoNames dump files are licensed CC-BY 3.0.

Commit message:

Added Natural Earth admin 1 geometries

README.md, after:

# Recogito 2 Gazetteer Package: GeoNames

A gazetteer package for Recogito 2, using a subset of data from GeoNames. The package is based
on the material available through the [GeoNames Download Server](http://www.geonames.org/export/)
and uses the following source files:

* `countryInfo.txt` - countries
* `admin1CodesASCII.txt` - level 1 admin divisions
* `cities1000.txt` - cities with a population > 1000
* `alternateNames.txt` - alternate names with language codes _(note: this file is not included
  in this repository due to filesize restrictions; the script will download it from GeoNames
  automatically)_
* `shapes_simplified_low.txt` - simplified country boundaries
* In addition to GeoNames, `ne_admin1_states_provinces_simplified.geojson` contains simplified
  geometries for admin level 1 regions from [Natural Earth](http://www.naturalearthdata.com/).
  (Thanks to [@kgeographer](http://github.com/kgeographer) for pointing me there!)

### Releases

| Version | Date       | # of Records | Notes                                       | |
|---------|------------|--------------|---------------------------------------------|-|
|[0.1](https://github.com/pelagios/recogito2-places-geonames/releases/tag/0.1)| 2017-04-04 | 152,242      | Initial release, without Admin 1 boundaries |[geonames-20170404.jsonl.gz](https://github.com/pelagios/recogito2-places-geonames/releases/download/0.1/geonames-20170404.jsonl.gz)|

### Attribution & License

GeoNames dump files are licensed CC-BY 3.0. Natural Earth data is in the public domain.
